Elementopedia is a software designed with an aim of aiding higher secondary students in 
their basic preparation for Chemistry. This programs aims to help them practice these 
topics and master them.

The software components fulfill the following given functions:
>	Know about the element
>	Sorting of elements
>	Element identification in a Compound
>	Stoichiometric Concentration Terms Converter

The first component of the program aims to deliver vital information about an element of 
which the atomic symbol/number is entered by user.
The second one makes sorting of entered elements according to the periodic trend 
selected by the user. 
The third one identifies the element present in a compound.
The fourth program converts various Stoichiometric Concentration Terms into another as 
per choice of the user.

Input: 

Input for the entire software is taken using the Graphic windows created.
The first program-'Know about the element', requires an input of the atomic symbol/number
about user would want to know.
The second program-'Sorting of elements', the user first selects the periodic trend and 
selects whether he/she wants to sort in ascending or descending order. Then he/she enters
the elements symbols.
The third program-'Element identification in a Compound', allows user to enter a 
compound's formula.
The fourth program-'Stoichiometric Concentration Terms Converter', lets users first choose 
which concentration term to be converted and to what. Depending on these choices, 
ancillary inputs according to each are required.

Output: 

Output is also delivered in a similar Graphic Window. 
The first program-'Know about the element', presents an output about the element searched 
for that includes Element name, Atomic no., Mass no., Electronic configuration, 
Electronegativity, Atomic Radius, Ionization Energy, Electron Affinity , Melting and 
Boiling point and much more. 
The second program-'Sorting of elements displays elements entered in a sorted manner as 
per user's choice.
The third program-'Element Identification in a Compound', displays the constituent 
elements of the entered compound.
The fourth program-'Stoichiometric Concentration Terms Converter', gives an output of 
the converted value in the selected concentration term from the entered stoichiometric 
concentration term

Element details Database: 

The program also has an element details database which is a significant part of the program. 
This is not a part of the system which the user is directly accessible to. This is where all 
the information regarding the entire set of elements is stored and it is from here, the 
required details are collected and imported to respective programs. It is finally used as it 
is defined. 

Hardware and Software Requirements:

Hardware Requirements:
>	Processor:  Any processor with minimum of 2 Cores and 2GHz clock speed.
>	RAM: 4GB
>	ROM: 128GB
Software Requirements: 
>	Windows 8 or later, macOS 11 BigSur or later, LINUX, UNIX.
>	Python IDLE (3.10 64-Bit) or later
>  pandas library must be installed before running this software
